now yeah the this motion though that you
you know you can just sort of send
checks out everybody and and things will
be fine it's not true
obviously the there's some people have
this absurd like view that the economy
is like some magic horn of plenty
like it just makes stuff stuff you know
what it just there's a magic water
plenty and the goods and services they
just come from this magic one appointee
and then if like if somebody has more
stuff than somebody else's because they
took more from this magic horn of plenty
now let me just break it to you the
fools out there if you don't make stuff
there's no stuff yeah so if you don't
make the food
if you don't process the food you know
transport the food and the weather you
know medical treatment you're getting
your teeth fixed
there's no stuff I would become detached
from reality the you can't just
legislate money and set and solve these
things if you don't make stuff there is
no stuff obviously we'll run out of the
stores run out of the you know it's like
hold the machine just grinds to a halt